docs(discover): document lookup index editor row display limit (#6540)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/discover/try-esql.md

:::::

### Limitations [discover-esql-lookup-editor-limitations]

> The following limitations apply to the lookup index editor in Kibana. For general limitations of the `LOOKUP JOIN` command, refer to [Join data from multiple indices with LOOKUP JOIN](elasticsearch://reference/query-languages/esql/esql-lookup-join.md#limitations).

Author: ```suggestion
The following limitations apply to the lookup index editor in {{kib}}. For general limitations of the `LOOKUP JOIN` command, refer to [Join data from multiple indices with LOOKUP JOIN](elasticsearch://reference/query-languages/esql/esql-lookup-join.md#limitations).
```
variable

Row display limit

> :   The lookup index editor displays up to 1,000 rows. To find a specific row when the index contains more than 1,000 entries, use the search field: it searches the full index. The `LIMIT` command in your ES|QL query has no effect on the data shown here.

Author: ```suggestion
:   The lookup index editor displays up to 1,000 rows. To find a specific row when the index contains more than 1,000 entries, use the search field: it searches the full index. The `LIMIT` command in your {{esql}} query has no effect on the data shown here.
```
variable
